48
abroad
a word indicating being in or to a foreign country or countries.
casual
relaxed and unconcerned; not formal or serious.
around
located or situated on every side; surrounding.
couple
two individuals considered as a pair; a pair who are married.
accept
agree to receive or undertake something offered.
caught
intercept and hold (something that has been thrown, propelled, or dropped).
arrive
reach a place at the end of a journey or a stage in a journey.
course
the route or direction followed by a ship, aircraft, road, or river.
access
the means or opportunity to approach or enter a place.
centre
the point that is equally distant from every point on the circumference of a circle.
artist
a person who produces paintings or drawings as a profession or hobby.
covers
a thing that lies on, over, or around something, especially in order to protect or conceal it.
across
from one side to the other of (something).
centum
denoting or relating to the indo-european language family or its parent language.
aspect
a particular part or feature of something.
create
bring something into existence.
acting
behaving in a specified way.
chance
a possibility of something happening.
assess
evaluate or estimate the nature, ability, or quality of.
credit
the ability of a customer to obtain goods or services before payment, based on the trust that payment will be made in the future.
action
the fact or process of doing something, typically to achieve an aim.
change
make or become different.
assist
help (someone), typically by doing a share of the work.
crisis
a time of intense difficulty, trouble, or danger.
active
engaging or ready to engage in physically energetic pursuits.
charge
demand (an amount) as a price from someone for a service rendered or goods supplied.
assume
suppose to be the case, without proof.
custom
a traditional and widely accepted way of behaving or doing something that is specific to a particular society, place, or time.
actual
existing in fact; real.
choice
an act of selecting or making a decision when faced with two or more possibilities.
attack
take aggressive action against (a place or enemy forces) with weapons or armed force.
damage
physical harm caused to something in such a way as to impair its value, usefulness, or normal function.
advice
guidance or recommendations offered with regard to prudent future action.
choose
pick out or select (someone or something) as being the best or most appropriate of two or more alternatives.
attend
be present at (an event, meeting, or function).
danger
the possibility of suffering harm or injury.
advise
offer suggestions about the best course of action to someone.
chosen
having been selected as the best or most appropriate.
august
respected and impressive.
dealer
a person or business that buys and sells goods.
affect
have an effect on; make a difference to.
church
a building used for public christian worship.
author
the writer of a book, article, or document.
debate
a formal discussion on a particular topic in a public meeting or legislative assembly, in which opposing arguments are put forward and which usually ends with a vote.
afford
have enough money to pay for.
circle
a round plane figure whose boundary (the circumference) consists of points equidistant from a fixed point (the center).
avenue
a broad road in a town or city, typically having trees at regular intervals along its sides.
decade
a period of ten years.